# CS250
How do I interpret user needs and implement them into a program? How does creating “user stories” help with this?  
User stories put users at the center of the conversation around what to add to or change in a software product. They are the embodiment of the first principle behind the Agile Manifesto. With user stories you give a development team the context and the why of what they’re creating. Doing so helps them understand how they’re providing value for the business and to keep the user/customer top of mind. User stories provide the essence needed to prioritize them.

How do I approach developing programs? What agile processes do I hope to incorporate into my future development work? Find out what the problem is, find out who the stakeholders are, think about what resources and skills you have available, research which interventions are effective, choose your goal and how to measure it, identify which activities are likely to lead to the goal, and create the documentation. I hope to incorporate the agile process of breaking my project into smaller individual cycles and actively involving customers in the product development process and continually implementing their feedback.

What does it mean to be a good team member in software development? Great teams communicate well. They keep people informed with the least amount of effort. Team members understand what they need to do and buy in to why they are doing it. These teams create open, safe environments where people feel comfortable sharing ideas and concerns.
That's why collaboration in software development teams is so important. It helps reduce human error and allows more people to review the code to increase its quality. Therefore, bug-free software should be developed by many developers in a team rather than one person working alone
